About Your Oracle Account  About Your Oracle Account WHAT IS AN ORACLE ACCOUNT? MANAGE EMAIL PREFERENCES AND NEWSLETTER SUBSCRIPTIONS ORACLE PRIVACY POLICY GETTING HELP ON LOGIN  ORACLE ACCOUNT FAQs   What is an Oracle Account? An Oracle Account provides access to content, services, and applications across Oracle's various online resources. Why do I need an Oracle Account? While much of the content and most services on Oracle.com do not require a login, Oracle has certain communities, events, and services that require users to provide some basic information in order to participate in events or forums, or to download or access select content. Why should I provide my information? Your Oracle Account enables access to more of Oracle's collateral, content, and services. It also provides a channel for telling us what topics, products, and communities you're interested in, and a way to manage your email contact preferences. What does an Oracle Account give me access to? At a minimum, your account gives you the ability to register for online and in-person events, product information, and online communities. Oracle Account is a simple way for you to specify topic or product interest via the Subscription Center. Additionally, depending on your interest or whether or not you have contracted services, your account may also give you access to select Oracle Services (see table below). Communities and Services Site/Service Description Additional Registration Steps Oracle Technology Network (OTN) Oracle’s premier develop community.  Find detailed product information and download software. No additional registration needed; your Oracle Account provides you with immediate access. OTN Forums OTN discussion forums are for the developer community, where you can interact with peers on development topics, technical product information, etc. You will need to register for a Forums account and create a Forums 'handle,' which will be used in lieu of your e-mail address Newsletter Subscriptions when posting/answering questions in the forums. My Oracle Support (MOS) My Oracle Support is a paid support service portal.  Users have the ability to file service requests and interact with the support teams for contracted services. You will be required to complete a registration form that includes your Customer Support Identifier.  Oracle PartnerNetwork (OPN) Oracle Partners can access specialized content, order software, and view their partner dashboard. Partners can register for OPN access online by submitting a partner registration. Oracle Learning Network (OLN) OLN users can access online course content and track courses they've taken. All online courses are hosted on iLearning. Users need to have an Oracle Account to access this site. Taleo Taleo provides a searchable database of all currently open Oracle employment requisitions. Users are able to post their resumes and apply for job postings online. You will need to provide additional information for an Taleo account in order to upload your resume and apply for positions online. Oracle Store At the online Oracle Store, you can browse and purchase a wide range of Oracle products, including software licenses, media packs, support services, hardware system components, and spare parts. Once you have created your Oracle Account you will need to complete an additional brief form to set up an Oracle Store account. You can then purchase items, save a cart for later, or email the cart to a sales representative, partner, or colleague. Oracle Software Delivery Cloud (OSDC) The Oracle Software Delivery Cloud enables customers to download software for all licensed Oracle products. You will need to verify your account prior to accessing the download site.   Account Verification When creating an Oracle Account, an email verification will be sent to the email address with which you registered. You will be asked to click on the link included in the email to confirm that you are the owner of the account. Once you've done so, a "verified" status will appear on your account profile page. Please note that you have five (5) days from the time of account creation to verify your email account. If five days have elapsed, you will need to log in to the account and click the "verify account" link in order to generate another verification email. The verification may be required by Oracle Websites and services such as My Oracle Support, OPN, OLN, and various others before you are able to continue with registration for access to those sites or services.   back to top MANAGE EMAIL PREFERENCES AND NEWSLETTER SUBSCRIPTIONS Oracle takes your email preferences seriously. We request that you specify your preference to receive or not receive email communications from Oracle related to our products and services based on your identified interests. Control whether or not to receive email from Oracle by selecting to opt in or opt out of Oracle Communications directly on Oracle Account Topic Subscriptions Oracle has a wide range of product and interest area topics to which you can subscribe. In your Oracle Account subscription center you can select the topics, products, and business focus areas about which you'd like to learn more. For more information on Oracle Subscriptions, see the Oracle subscriptions home page. I have an Oracle Account—how do I unsubscribe from receiving Oracle email communication? If you wish to unsubscribe from one or more Oracle subscriptions you previously opted-in to, log in to your account and de-select the subscription(s) that are selected. You will be removed immediately from the distribution list for those topics. What if I'm not subscribed to any Oracle communication, but wish to stop receiving emails from Oracle? You can opt out of receiving any further marketing communications from Oracle by either: Logging in to your Oracle Account page and clicking on the "Do Not Email" link in the footer of the page. Going directly to the Do Not Email page by clicking on the Unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email, entering your email address, and following the instructions on the screen. Keep in mind that by adding yourself to the Do Not Email list, you will be missing out on newsletters, product announcements, special offers, and event notifications you may have requested in the past. You will continue to receive emails for event registration confirmation, account management, membership, purchase, and support and security notifications. Note: It may take up to 48 hours for your request to be reflected on your Oracle Account page. When the unsubscribe action is successful, you should see the following message on your Oracle Account page: ‘You are opted-out of Oracle marketing communications.’ Select topics you would like to receive information about. I am on the Do Not Email list; how can I subscribe to new topics? Log in to your Oracle Account, click on Subscription Center, then check the desired Oracle communication(s) you want to receive. Your subscription request will be updated—note it may take 48 hours for the Do Not Email notification to be removed from your Oracle Account page. If the Do Not E-mail notification continues to appear on your MyProfile page after 48 hours, please send a request to marketing-privacy_ww@oracle.com describing the problem.   What do I do if I'm on the Do Not Email list but continue to receive emails from Oracle? Please contact us through the privacy inquiry form so we can resolve your request. back to top ORACLE PRIVACY POLICY Oracle and our subsidiaries and affiliates respect your preferences concerning the treatment of personal information that we may collect from your use of Oracle Web sites and your interactions with Oracle offline. Learn more about Oracle's Privacy Policy. back to top GETTING HELP ON LOGIN ISSUES For login issues related to specific applications, select the application or service you are trying to access to submit a help request. Oracle Learning Network Oracle Account Login (Events, OTN) Oracle Store–Direct Users Oracle Store–Partner Ordering Portal Oracle Partner Dashboard Users Oracle PartnerNetwork Oracle iSupplier/iReceivables MyOracle Support (MetaLink Classic) Oracle Unbreakable Linux Network (ULN) Support Still having problems logging in? Submit a help request. back to top ORACLE ACCOUNT FAQs How do I create a new account? Go to Oracle.com and click on the Sign In/Register for Account link, fill out the mandatory fields, then click the 'Create' button. Once the account is created, a verification email will be sent to the registered email address. How do I update my Oracle Account? Navigate to profile.oracle.com'', log in with your existing credentials, update the required fields, then click the 'Confirm' button. I can't create a new account—I receive an error message each time I try. Submit a help request so that we can assist you in trying to recover your old account or help you set up a new account. I'm trying to create a new account, but I get an error message that my username/email address is already in use. You received this message because your email address is already registered with Oracle. If you forgot your password, you can recover it using the 'Forgot Password' link. How do I verify my Oracle Account? You can verify your account by logging in to 'profile.oracle.com' and clicking on the 'Verify Account' Or 'Re-Verify Account' link, which triggers an email to your registered email address. Go to the email in your inbox and verify your account as instructed Why do I have to log in to use multiple Oracle sessions? For security reasons we require login for every session. What if I can't remember my username? Use the 'Forgot Username' link to get your username. You will receive an email with your username. What if I’m getting an ‘Invalid Username’ error message? Check that the username and password you are attempting to log in with are correct. To make sure you are using the correct username and password, use the 'Forgot Username' link and the 'Forgot Password' link. What if I have a username that’s not my email address? Oracle has standardized on the use of email address as username. If you have an older account where your username is not the same as your email address, you will need to log in, and then click on the "Edit" link next to username/emailaddress and update. For example, if your current username is 'John,' then log in with that same username. If you have forgotten your password, use the same user name 'John' to receive the reset password email. The reset password email will be delivered to the email address currently associated with that account. How do I reset my password? Use the 'Forgot Password' link to reset your account password. You will then receive an email with instructions. Please click on the URL in the email and enter a new password on the screen. What if I don't receive emails after using 'Lost Password' and 'Lost Username' Links? Wait at least 10 minutes to see if the emails arrive, or check the spam folder in your email. If you still haven't received the emails you can trigger them again, or create a new account using the same email address. The 'Forgot Password' link indicates a password has been emailed, but I never received it. There could be several reasons why you might not have received the password reset email. 1) Old Email address–Is the account you are trying to log in with still tied to a valid email address? If you are attempting to log in with a username that’s not in e-mail format (ex: jsmith), the email address we have on file for that account may be out of date.  You will need to submit a help request to resolve this issue. 2) Email spam filtering - If we have your current email address, and you are still not receiving the password reset email, check to make sure that you are not filtering out Oracle emails through your email's spam filter.  You will want to add Oracle to your address book so that the email client doesn’t filter out account information you need or have subscribed to. 3) Company domain email filtering–There have been occasions where corporate email servers have filtered out emails coming from the Oracle domain. Submit a help request and we can send you a test email to see if this is the case.  If so, you’ll need to contact your corporate email group to let them know of the issue.  If your issue doesn't fall under any of these scenarios, please submit a help request and we will investigate the issue and ensure that you get your password reset. How do I change my password? Navigate to 'profile.oracle.com' and log in with your existing credentials, click on the 'Edit' link at the right-hand side of the page next to your password, and follow the screen instructions. How can I change the email address associated with my Oracle Account? You can update the email address on your account by logging in to the account and clicking on the edit link next to username/emailaddress. Important things to note before changing the email address associated with your Oracle Account: The new email address will become the username for your account. The new email address/username shouldn't already be registered to another Oracle Account. If the account you have been using is shared by multiple people, you will each want to create your own individual account. If the users do not create individual accounts, anyone who logs in with that account has the ability to change the e-mail address and password, thereby locking all other users out. We strongly discourage using shared accounts. When logging in to use a service, post to forums, or conduct other business, it's best to use your own individual account. If you have multiple Oracle Accounts under different email addresses, we can assist you in trying to consolidate your history under a single account. We'll do our best to combine your accounts whenever we can. This process is quite involved, so if you decide you'd like us to merge your accounts we ask for your patience as we sort through the validation of the account information and enable updates to the various systems involved. You can click here to request an account merge. Please Note: The Help Request email address is meant for Oracle customer service purposes. Oracle employees should use the internal resources available to help resolve any problems back to topWHAT IS AN ORACLE ACCOUNT? MANAGE EMAIL PREFERENCES AND NEWSLETTER SUBSCRIPTIONS ORACLE PRIVACY POLICY GETTING HELP ON LOGIN  ORACLE ACCOUNT FAQs  WHAT IS AN ORACLE ACCOUNT? MANAGE EMAIL PREFERENCES AND NEWSLETTER SUBSCRIPTIONS ORACLE PRIVACY POLICY GETTING HELP ON LOGIN  ORACLE ACCOUNT FAQs  