MANAGE EMAIL PREFERENCES AND NEWSLETTER SUBSCRIPTIONS Oracle takes your email preferences seriously. We request that you specify your preference to receive or not receive email communications from Oracle related to our products and services based on your identified interests. Control whether or not to receive email from Oracle by selecting to opt in or opt out of Oracle Communications directly on Oracle Account Topic Subscriptions Oracle has a wide range of product and interest area topics to which you can subscribe. In your Oracle Account subscription center you can select the topics, products, and business focus areas about which you'd like to learn more. For more information on Oracle Subscriptions, see the Oracle subscriptions home page. I have an Oracle Account—how do I unsubscribe from receiving Oracle email communication? If you wish to unsubscribe from one or more Oracle subscriptions you previously opted-in to, log in to your account and de-select the subscription(s) that are selected. You will be removed immediately from the distribution list for those topics. What if I'm not subscribed to any Oracle communication, but wish to stop receiving emails from Oracle? You can opt out of receiving any further marketing communications from Oracle by either: Logging in to your Oracle Account page and clicking on the "Do Not Email" link in the footer of the page. Going directly to the Do Not Email page by clicking on the Unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email, entering your email address, and following the instructions on the screen. Keep in mind that by adding yourself to the Do Not Email list, you will be missing out on newsletters, product announcements, special offers, and event notifications you may have requested in the past. You will continue to receive emails for event registration confirmation, account management, membership, purchase, and support and security notifications. Note: It may take up to 48 hours for your request to be reflected on your Oracle Account page. When the unsubscribe action is successful, you should see the following message on your Oracle Account page: ‘You are opted-out of Oracle marketing communications.’ Select topics you would like to receive information about. I am on the Do Not Email list; how can I subscribe to new topics? Log in to your Oracle Account, click on Subscription Center, then check the desired Oracle communication(s) you want to receive. Your subscription request will be updated—note it may take 48 hours for the Do Not Email notification to be removed from your Oracle Account page. If the Do Not E-mail notification continues to appear on your MyProfile page after 48 hours, please send a request to marketing-privacy_ww@oracle.com describing the problem.   What do I do if I'm on the Do Not Email list but continue to receive emails from Oracle? Please contact us through the privacy inquiry form so we can resolve your request.ORACLE PRIVACY POLICY Oracle and our subsidiaries and affiliates respect your preferences concerning the treatment of personal information that we may collect from your use of Oracle Web sites and your interactions with Oracle offline. Learn more about Oracle's Privacy Policy.GETTING HELP ON LOGIN ISSUES For login issues related to specific applications, select the application or service you are trying to access to submit a help request. Oracle Learning Network Oracle Account Login (Events, OTN) Oracle Store–Direct Users Oracle Store–Partner Ordering Portal Oracle Partner Dashboard Users Oracle PartnerNetwork Oracle iSupplier/iReceivables MyOracle Support (MetaLink Classic) Oracle Unbreakable Linux Network (ULN) Support Still having problems logging in? Submit a help request.