What is an Oracle Account? An Oracle Account provides access to content, services, and applications across Oracle's various online resources. Why do I need an Oracle Account? While much of the content and most services on Oracle.com do not require a login, Oracle has certain communities, events, and services that require users to provide some basic information in order to participate in events or forums, or to download or access select content. Why should I provide my information? Your Oracle Account enables access to more of Oracle's collateral, content, and services. It also provides a channel for telling us what topics, products, and communities you're interested in, and a way to manage your email contact preferences. What does an Oracle Account give me access to? At a minimum, your account gives you the ability to register for online and in-person events, product information, and online communities. Oracle Account is a simple way for you to specify topic or product interest via the Subscription Center. Additionally, depending on your interest or whether or not you have contracted services, your account may also give you access to select Oracle Services (see table below). Communities and Services Site/Service Description Additional Registration Steps Oracle Technology Network (OTN) Oracle’s premier develop community.  Find detailed product information and download software. No additional registration needed; your Oracle Account provides you with immediate access. OTN Forums OTN discussion forums are for the developer community, where you can interact with peers on development topics, technical product information, etc. You will need to register for a Forums account and create a Forums 'handle,' which will be used in lieu of your e-mail address Newsletter Subscriptions when posting/answering questions in the forums. My Oracle Support (MOS) My Oracle Support is a paid support service portal.  Users have the ability to file service requests and interact with the support teams for contracted services. You will be required to complete a registration form that includes your Customer Support Identifier.  Oracle PartnerNetwork (OPN) Oracle Partners can access specialized content, order software, and view their partner dashboard. Partners can register for OPN access online by submitting a partner registration. Oracle Learning Network (OLN) OLN users can access online course content and track courses they've taken. All online courses are hosted on iLearning. Users need to have an Oracle Account to access this site. Taleo Taleo provides a searchable database of all currently open Oracle employment requisitions. Users are able to post their resumes and apply for job postings online. You will need to provide additional information for an Taleo account in order to upload your resume and apply for positions online. Oracle Store At the online Oracle Store, you can browse and purchase a wide range of Oracle products, including software licenses, media packs, support services, hardware system components, and spare parts. Once you have created your Oracle Account you will need to complete an additional brief form to set up an Oracle Store account. You can then purchase items, save a cart for later, or email the cart to a sales representative, partner, or colleague. Oracle Software Delivery Cloud (OSDC) The Oracle Software Delivery Cloud enables customers to download software for all licensed Oracle products. You will need to verify your account prior to accessing the download site.   Account Verification When creating an Oracle Account, an email verification will be sent to the email address with which you registered. You will be asked to click on the link included in the email to confirm that you are the owner of the account. Once you've done so, a "verified" status will appear on your account profile page. Please note that you have five (5) days from the time of account creation to verify your email account. If five days have elapsed, you will need to log in to the account and click the "verify account" link in order to generate another verification email. The verification may be required by Oracle Websites and services such as My Oracle Support, OPN, OLN, and various others before you are able to continue with registration for access to those sites or services.  Site/Service Description Additional Registration Steps Oracle Technology Network (OTN) Oracle’s premier develop community.  Find detailed product information and download software. No additional registration needed; your Oracle Account provides you with immediate access. OTN Forums OTN discussion forums are for the developer community, where you can interact with peers on development topics, technical product information, etc. You will need to register for a Forums account and create a Forums 'handle,' which will be used in lieu of your e-mail address Newsletter Subscriptions when posting/answering questions in the forums. My Oracle Support (MOS) My Oracle Support is a paid support service portal.  Users have the ability to file service requests and interact with the support teams for contracted services. You will be required to complete a registration form that includes your Customer Support Identifier.  Oracle PartnerNetwork (OPN) Oracle Partners can access specialized content, order software, and view their partner dashboard. Partners can register for OPN access online by submitting a partner registration. Oracle Learning Network (OLN) OLN users can access online course content and track courses they've taken. All online courses are hosted on iLearning. Users need to have an Oracle Account to access this site. Taleo Taleo provides a searchable database of all currently open Oracle employment requisitions. Users are able to post their resumes and apply for job postings online. You will need to provide additional information for an Taleo account in order to upload your resume and apply for positions online. Oracle Store At the online Oracle Store, you can browse and purchase a wide range of Oracle products, including software licenses, media packs, support services, hardware system components, and spare parts. Once you have created your Oracle Account you will need to complete an additional brief form to set up an Oracle Store account. You can then purchase items, save a cart for later, or email the cart to a sales representative, partner, or colleague. Oracle Software Delivery Cloud (OSDC) The Oracle Software Delivery Cloud enables customers to download software for all licensed Oracle products. You will need to verify your account prior to accessing the download site.Account Verification When creating an Oracle Account, an email verification will be sent to the email address with which you registered. You will be asked to click on the link included in the email to confirm that you are the owner of the account. Once you've done so, a "verified" status will appear on your account profile page. Please note that you have five (5) days from the time of account creation to verify your email account. If five days have elapsed, you will need to log in to the account and click the "verify account" link in order to generate another verification email. The verification may be required by Oracle Websites and services such as My Oracle Support, OPN, OLN, and various others before you are able to continue with registration for access to those sites or services.