This situation could have been avoided if the addAtBottom(Collection) method was defined with an unbounded wildcard: addAtBottom(Collection<?>). With this signature, it is impossible to compile a code that is dependent of the parameterized type. Only independent methods of a collection (clear(), isEmpty(), iterator(), remove(Object o), size(), ...) can be called. For instance, addAtBottom(Collection<?>) could contain the following code:
Since Java 1.5, the class java.lang.Class is generic. It is an interesting example of using generics for something other than a container class. For example, the type of String.class is Class<String>, and the type of Serializable.class is Class<Serializable>. This can be used to improve the type safety of your reflection code. In particular, since the newInstance() method in Class now returns T, you can get more precise types when creating objects reflectively. Now we can use the newInstance() method to return a new object with exact type, without casting. An example with generics:
The same code without generics:
Java was long criticized for the need to explicitly type-cast an element when it was taken out of a "container/collection" class. There was no way to enforce that a "collection" class contains only one type of object (e.g., to forbid at compile time that an Integer object is added to a Collection that should only contain Strings). This is possible since Java 1.5. In the first couple of years of Java evolution, Java did not have a real competitor. This has changed by the appearance of Microsoft C#. With Generics Java is better suited to compete against C#. Similar constructs to Java Generics exist in other languages, see Generic programming for more information. Generics were added to the Java language syntax in version 1.5. This means that code using Generics will not compile with Java 1.4 and less. Use of generics is optional. For backwards compatibility with pre-Generics code, it is okay to use generic classes without the generics type specification (<T>). In such a case, when you retrieve an object reference from a generic object, you will have to manually cast it from type Object to the correct type.
