In 2004, generics were added to the Java language, as part of J2SE 5.0. Prior to the introduction of generics, each variable declaration had to be of a specific type. For container classes, for example, this is a problem because there is no easy way to create a container that accepts only specific types of objects. Either the container operates on all subtypes of a class or interface, usually Object, or a different container class has to be created for each contained class. Generics allow compile-time type checking without having to create many container classes, each containing almost identical code. In addition to enabling more efficient code, certain runtime exceptions are converted to compile-time errors, a characteristic known as type safety.
Criticisms directed at Java include the implementation of generics,[47] speed,[48] the handling of unsigned numbers,[49] the implementation of floating-point arithmetic,[50] and a history of security vulnerabilities in the primary Java VM implementation HotSpot.[51]
The Java programming language requires the presence of a software platform in order for compiled programs to be executed. A well-known unofficial Java-like software platform is the Android software platform, which allows the use of Java 6 and some Java 7 features, uses a different standard library (Apache Harmony reimplementation), different bytecode language and different virtual machine, and is designed for low-memory devices such as smartphones and tablet computers.
Google and Android, Inc. have chosen to use Java as a key pillar in the creation of the Android operating system, an open source mobile operating system. Although the Android operating system, built on the Linux kernel, was written largely in C, the Android SDK uses the Java language as the basis for Android applications. However, Android does not use the Java virtual machine, instead using Java bytecode as an intermediate step and ultimately targeting Android's own Dalvik virtual machine or more recently Android Runtime which actually compiles applications to native machine code upon installation.
