Java SE - Downloads | Oracle Technology Network | OracleJava Platform (JDK) 8u73 / 8u74 NetBeans with JDK 8Java Platform, Standard Edition Java SE 8u73 / 8u74 Java SE 8u73 includes important security fixes. Oracle strongly recommends that all Java SE 8 users upgrade to this release. Java SE 8u74 is a patch-set update, including all of 8u73 plus additional features (described in the release notes). Learn more Installation Instructions Release Notes Oracle License Java SE Products Third Party Licenses Certified System Configurations Readme Files JDK ReadMe JRE ReadMe JDK Server JRE JRE Which Java package do I need? Software Developers: JDK (Java SE Development Kit). For Java Developers. Includes a complete JRE plus tools for developing, debugging, and monitoring Java applications. Administrators running applications on a server:  Server JRE (Server Java Runtime Environment) For deploying Java applications on servers. Includes tools for JVM monitoring and tools commonly required for server applications, but does not include browser integration (the Java plug-in), auto-update, nor an installer. Learn more End user running Java on a desktop: JRE: (Java Runtime Environment). Covers most end-users needs. Contains everything required to run Java applications on your system. Java SE 7 and Java SE 6 updates Updates for Java SE 7 released after April 2015, and updates for Java SE 6 released after April 2013 are only available to Oracle Customers through My Oracle Support (requires support login).  Java SE Advanced offers users commercial features, access to critical bug fixes, security fixes, and general maintenance. Early Access Releases Early access versions of future releases of the JDK and the JRE are available for testing. These early access releases include future update and future major releases. These releases are licensed only for testing, not for use in production.   JDK 8 Demos and Samples Demos and samples of common tasks and new functionality available on JDK 8. JavaFX 8 demos and samples are included in the JDK 8 Demos and Samples packages. The source code provided with demos and samples for the JDK is meant to illustrate the usage of a given feature or technique and has been deliberately simplified.  