Additional Resources Oracle Java Advanced Management Console Advanced Management Console (AMC) enables desktop administrators to track and manage Java usage across their organization -- understanding which Java versions are used with which applications and managing compatibility/security. AMC is a commercial product available for Java users who license Java SE Advanced or Java SE Advanced Suite. Learn More Java SE 8 Documentation Java SE 8 Documentation Docs Installation Instructions   Java Cryptography Extension (JCE) Unlimited Strength Jurisdiction Policy Files for JDK/JRE 8       Java Time Zone Updater Tool The TZUpdater tool is to enable an Oracle JDK 8 and 7 or JRE 8 and 7 user to patch their installation with the most recent timezone data. Learn More Readme     Java API Documentation Updater Tool 1.3 Java API Documentation Updater Tool repairs-in-place Java API Documentation created with javadoc versions included with JDK 5u45, 6u45, 7u21 and earlier.  See the 7u25 release notes for more information.     Java Access Bridge for Java SE 6 and earlier Java Access Bridge is a technology that exposes the Java Accessibility API in a Microsoft Windows DLL, enabling Java applications and applets that implement the Java Accessibility API to be visible to assistive technologies on Microsoft Windows systems. Java Access Bridge is integrated into Java SE 7 Update 6 and later. Consequently, you only require Java Access Bridge 2.0.2 for Java SE 6 and earlier.     Java Archive The Java Archive offers access to some of our historical Java releases. WARNING: These older versions of the JRE and JDK are provided to help developers debug issues in older systems. They are not updated with the latest security patches and are not recommended for use in production.    Java SDKs and Tools Java SE Java EE and Glassfish Java ME Java Card NetBeans IDE Java Mission ControlJava Resources Java APIs Technical Articles Demos and Videos Forums Java Magazine Java.net Developer Training Tutorials Java.com