Click on the subscription category title to see a current sample of the publication. For previous issues, visit the subscriptions archive page. Oracle Cloud Data as a Service Learn how modern businesses use data as a standalone asset and connect with partner data to make smarter decisions. Subscribe Now Infrastructure as a Service Find out how to run any workload in the cloud and quickly reach your IT goals with core capabilities, such as elastic compute and storage. Subscribe Now Platform as a Service Integrate, accelerate, lead—get fresh insights into how developers, IT professionals, and business users drive innovation and transformation with Oracle’s enterprise cloud platform. Subscribe Now Software as a Service Get the news and analysis you need to reimagine and modernize your business with Oracle’s personalized, connected, secure SaaS applications. Subscribe Now IT Operations Management The journey to cloud can be easier than you think—learn about the industry’s only complete management solution for hybrid cloud. Subscribe Now   Technology .NET Developer Get the latest technical information, news, and downloads about Oracle .NET products and tools. Subscribe Now Big Data Transform your business with big data—learn how companies are gaining new insight and creating new business value using Oracle and big data. Subscribe Now Database, Data Warehousing, Database Migration, High Availability Get the leading IT publication and stay up to date with the latest in tech developments. Subscribe Now Data Integration and Master Data Management Stay informed about data integration, MDM, and enterprise data quality with the latest product strategy, analysis, reviews, customer stories, and more. Subscribe Now Enterprise Management Get total cloud control with the latest product news about Oracle Enterprise Manager, the only complete cloud management solution for your enterprise cloud. Subscribe Now Java Get the latest news about Java platform and Oracle's Java-based middleware and Java IDEs. Subscribe Now Linux Get news about the Linux community, including events, offers, and links to technical articles. Subscribe Now MySQL Get product and event news, hints, and tips on using MySQL, and more. Subscribe Now Oracle Optimized Solutions Stay up to date on new releases of Oracle's best-in-class systems and software, product strategy, analysis, customer stories, events, offers, and more. Subscribe Now Oracle WebCenter: Digital Experience and Engagement Receive the latest information on Oracle's digital experience and engagement, portal, content management, web experience management, imaging, collaboration, and cloud solutions. Subscribe Now Security Adopt a security inside out approach to IT security, compliance, and governance with the latest information about identity management, database security, and more. Subscribe Now Solaris Stay up to date on new releases of Oracle's best-in-class systems and software, product strategy, analysis, customer stories, events, offers, and more. Subscribe Now Virtualization Get information about the most complete and integrated virtualization, from desktop to data center. Subscribe Now   Technical Roles Architect News for software architects and those that aspire to be one. Subscribe Now Database Application Developer Information for those working with PL/SQL, Oracle Application Express, Oracle SQL Developer, scripting languages, and other tools. Subscribe Now Oracle Development and Mobile Tools Newsletter A bimonthly newsletter for developers interested in Oracle's tools and frameworks for cloud, mobile, and web applications development. Subscribe Now Systems Manager Receive content and resources for developers, deployers, and integrators of Linux and Oracle Solaris and their related software, tools, and hardware. Subscribe Now Applications Business Analytics See more, act faster with news about BI and EPM, including big data, decision management, enterprise planning, cloud, and more. Subscribe Now Enterprise Performance Management Stay up to date on business analytics, financials, GRC, procurement, and ERP in the cloud. Subscribe Now Enterprise Resource Planning Get news and information for office of finance professionals, including news about financials, GRC, procurement, and ERP in the cloud. Subscribe Now Human Capital Management Learn more about industry-leading HR innovation for organizations of every size with coverage of HR fundamentals, talent management, social, and HCM in the cloud. Subscribe Now Project Portfolio Management Access the latest white papers, customer stories, event information, and more—all targeted for project portfolio management professionals. Subscribe Now Supply Chain Management Modernize your value chain with timely content focused on ALM, manufacturing, procurement, value chain planning and execution, and SCM. Subscribe Now Customer Experience Marketing Succeed in the CX era with Oracle solutions for marketing, social, and CX applications for cloud. Subscribe Now Sales Succeed in the CX era with Oracle solutions for commerce, sales, and CX applications for cloud. Subscribe Now Services Succeed in the CX era with Oracle solutions for service, and CX applications for cloud. Subscribe Now   Executive Roles Chief Executive Officer Articles, news, and events for executives and decision-makers in every business. Subscribe Now Chief Financial Officer Get news, events and information for CFOs. Subscribe Now Chief Human Resources Officer Learn more about industry-leading HR innovation for organizations of every size. Subscribe Now Chief Information Officer Get news, events, and information for CIOs. Subscribe Now Chief Marketing Officer Succeed with Oracle solutions for commerce, marketing, and social. Subscribe Now Chief Procurement Officer Get the latest news about Oracle’s leading enterprise resource planning solutions, including finance and procurement. Subscribe Now Chief Security Officer Get news, events, and information about IT security, compliance, and governance. Subscribe Now   Industry Solutions and Markets Aerospace and Defense Get news about how local, state, and federal agencies are embracing new technologies and best practices established in private enterprise Subscribe Now Automotive Modernize your value chain with timely content focused on ALM, manufacturing, procurement, value chain planning and execution, and SCM. Subscribe Now Consumer Goods Modernize your value chain with timely content focused on ALM, manufacturing, procurement, value chain planning and execution, and SCM. Subscribe Now Education and Research Learn how education and research organizations are embracing new technologies, plus get information on Oracle's grant programs, events, and more. Subscribe Now Engineering and Construction Get the latest news about Oracle project portfolio management applications, including articles about releases, blogs, case studies, and more. Subscribe Now Financial Services Find out why Oracle is the proven technology leader in every area of financial services: banking, capital markets, and insurance. Subscribe Now Industrial Manufacturing Modernize your value chain with timely content focused on ALM, manufacturing, procurement, value chain planning and execution, and SCM in the cloud. Subscribe Now Midsize Companies Learn about the latest developments and product news from Oracle's broad range of affordable, cost-effective solutions and accelerators for fast-growing companies. Subscribe Now Public Sector Get news about how local, state, and federal agencies are embracing new technologies and best practices established in private enterprise Subscribe Now Retail Get news and information about the latest topics in retail, including merchandising, SOA integration, and global growth. Subscribe Now Insurance Find out why Oracle is the proven technology leader in every area of financial services: banking, capital markets, and insurance. Subscribe Now Media & Entertainment Learn more about modern best practice creating the digital media enterprise. From big data intelligence, content commerce and marketing to data-driven advertising: see how the Oracle Cloud and Oracle Media & Entertainment Solutions help to simplify and innovate digital transformation. Subscribe Now Hospitality News – Hotels Get news and information about the latest topics in hospitality and learn more about Oracle’s innovative solutions for hotels and casinos. Subscribe Now Hospitality News – Cruise Get news and information about the latest topics in hospitality and learn more about Oracle’s innovative solutions for global cruise industry. Subscribe Now Hospitality News – Food & Beverage Get news and information about the latest topics in hospitality and learn more about Oracle’s innovative solutions for food and beverage, including restaurants, casinos, stadiums, arenas, and theme parks. Subscribe Now   Hardware Engineered Systems Learn all about how Oracle's engineered systems reduce cost and complexity while increasing productivity and improving performance. Subscribe Now Networking and Data Center Fabric Products Find out how Oracle's networking and data center fabric products increase business agility and responsiveness. Subscribe Now Servers Stay up to date on new releases of Oracle's systems and software and get product strategy, analysis, customer stories, events, offers, and more. Subscribe Now Storage and Tape Get the latest news and information about Oracle's optimized storage and tape systems Subscribe Now Oracle University Training and Certification New Classes and Training schedules Get information about new classes and training schedules available to you. Subscribe Now Oracle Certification Program Information for current and prospective certified professionals. Subscribe Now Oracle Learning Subscriptions New sessions and important updates to Learning Subscriptions. Subscribe Now   Oracle PartnerNetwork Oracle PartnerNetwork Receive information on Oracle PartnerNetwork's offerings, programs and events. Subscribe Now   Oracle privacy policy and security notifications Privacy Policy Notification Notify me when Oracle's privacy policy changes. Subscribe Now Security Alerts Send me the latest security alerts issued by Oracle as they become available. Subscribe Now Oracle Magazine Java Magazine I would like to receive a free subscription to the digital or Profit: Technology Powered Business Driven. Subscribe Now Oracle Magazines I would like to receive a free subscription to the digital or print edition of Oracle Magazine. Subscribe Now Profit Magazine I would like to receive a free subscription to the digital or print edition of Profit : The Executives Guide to Oracle Applications. Subscribe Now  