7. Security, Passwords and Means of Accessing the Site and Content You agree not to access or use the Site in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any Oracle accounts, computer systems or networks. You agree not to attempt to gain unauthorized access to any parts of the Site or any Oracle accounts, computer systems or networks. You agree not to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site or any Oracle accounts, computer systems or networks. You agree not to use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Site or any Oracle accounts, computer systems or networks without Oracle's express written permission.
If any of the Services require you to open an account, you must complete the registration process by providing us with current, complete and accurate information as required by the applicable registration form. You may also be required to choose a password and a user name. Access to and use of password protected or secure areas of the Site are restricted to authorized users only. You agree not to share your password(s), account information, or access to the Site with any other person. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of password(s) and account information, and you are responsible for all activities that occur through the use of your password(s) or account(s) or as a result of your access to the Site. You agree to notify Oracle immediately of any use of your password(s) or account(s) that you did not authorize or that is not authorized by these Terms of Use.
8. No Unlawful or Prohibited Use You agree not to use the Site, or Content provided on or through the Site, for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use or the rules, guidelines or terms of use posted for a specific area of the Site or Content provided on or through the Site.
9. Indemnity You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Oracle, its officers, directors, employees and agents from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses or expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs, due to or arising out of Content that you Share, your violation of these Terms of Use or any additional rules, guidelines or terms of use posted for a specific area of the Site or Content provided on or through the Site, or your violation or infringement of any third party rights, including intellectual property rights.
