5. Reservation of Rights The Site and Content provided on or through the Site are the intellectual property and copyrighted works of Oracle or a third party provider. All rights, title and interest not expressly granted with respect to the Site and Content provided on or through the Site are reserved. All Content is provided on an "As Is" and "As Available" basis, and Oracle reserves the right to terminate the permissions granted to you in Sections 2, 3 and 4 above and your use of the Content at any time.
6. Your Content You agree that you will only upload, share, post, publish, transmit, or otherwise make available ("Share") on or through the Site Content that you have the right and authority to Share and for which you have the right and authority to grant to Oracle all of the licenses and rights set forth herein. By Sharing Content, you grant Oracle a worldwide, perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable, nonexclusive, fully sublicensable license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, translate, publish, publicly perform, publicly display, broadcast, transmit and distribute the Content for any purpose and in any form, medium, or technology now known or later developed. This includes, without limitation, the right to incorporate or implement the Content into any Oracle product or service, and to display, market, sublicense and distribute the Content as incorporated or embedded in any product or service distributed or offered by Oracle without compensation to you. You warrant that: (a) you have the right and authority to grant this license; (b) Oracle's exercise of the rights granted pursuant to this license will not infringe or otherwise violate any third party rights; and (c) all so-called moral rights in the Content have been waived to the full extent allowed by law.
You agree that you will neither use the Site in a manner, nor Share any Content, that: (a) is false or misleading; (b) is defamatory, derogatory, degrading or harassing of another or constitutes a personal attack; (c) invades another's privacy or includes, copies or transmits another's confidential, sensitive or personal information; (d) promotes bigotry, racism, hatred or harm against any group or individual; (e) is obscene or not in good taste; (f) violates or infringes or promotes the violation or infringement of another's rights, including intellectual property rights; (g) you do not have the right and authority to Share and grant the necessary rights and licenses for; (h) violates or promotes the violation of any applicable laws or regulations; (i) contains a solicitation of funds, goods or services, or promotes or advertises goods or services; or (j) contains any viruses, Trojan horses, or other components designed to limit or harm the functionality of a computer. Oracle may report you to the relevant authorities and may act under the fullest extent of applicable laws if you transmit or upload content intended or designed to cause harm.
Oracle does not want to receive confidential information from you through or in connection with the Site. Notwithstanding anything that you may note or state in connection with Sharing Content, it shall not be considered confidential information and shall be received and treated by Oracle on a non-confidential and unrestricted basis and Oracle shall not take and shall not be required to take any steps to safeguard the confidentiality of any information that you Share, other than as specified in Oracle's Privacy Policy.
