16. Privacy Policy Oracle is concerned about your privacy and has developed a policy to address privacy concerns. For more information, please see Oracle's Privacy Policy. Any personal information collected on this Site may be accessed and stored globally and will be treated in accordance with Oracle's Privacy Policy. You understand that Oracle collects, uses, processes, possesses, and otherwise stores your personal information and utilization data and may share such data with third party service providers for the purpose of improving or providing services subject to Oracle's Privacy Policy.
17. Persons Not of Age of Majority Persons who are not of the age of majority are not eligible to use the Site, and we ask that no information in relation to such persons be submitted to us.
18. Export Restrictions/Legal Compliance You may not access, download, use or export the Site, or the Content provided on or through the Site, in violation of U.S. export laws or regulations, or in violation of any other applicable laws or regulations. You agree to comply with all export laws, restrictions and regulations of any United States or applicable agency or authority, and to not directly or indirectly provide or otherwise make available any services and products of Oracle in violation of any such restrictions, laws or regulations, including, without limitation, laws, restrictions or regulations pertaining to the development, design, manufacture or production of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons or missile technology. As applicable, you shall obtain and bear all expenses related to any necessary licenses, authorizations, and/or exemptions with respect to your own use of the services of Oracle outside the U.S. Neither the services or products of Oracle nor the underlying information or technology may be downloaded or otherwise provided or made available, either directly or indirectly, into any country subject to U.S. trade sanctions, (Supplement No. 1 to Part 740, Export Administration Regulations, Country Group E:1), to individuals or entities controlled by such countries, or to nationals or residents of such countries other than nationals who are lawfully admitted permanent residents of countries not subject to such sanctions. By agreeing to these Terms of Use, you agree to the foregoing and represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list.
19. Forward-looking and Cautionary Statements Statements set forth in the Site may constitute forward-looking and cautionary statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 or other applicable laws. While these forward-looking statements represent our current judgment on what the future holds, they are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect our opinions only as of the date such statements are set forth in the Site. Please keep in mind that we are not obligating ourselves to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. You should also review our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q for a more complete discussion of these factors and other risks, particularly under the heading "Risk Factors." A copy of our press release and financial tables which include a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation can be viewed and downloaded on the Oracle Investor Relations website at Oracle.com/investor.
