Terms of UseLegal Notices
By using the Oracle Web sites, you agree to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you may not use the Oracle Web sites.
Welcome to the Oracle Web sites (the "Site"). Through the Site, you have access to a variety of resources and content. These include: (a) software and software as a service offerings ("Software"); (b) Web pages, data, messages, text, images, photographs, graphics, audio and video such as podcasts and Webcasts, and documents such as press releases, white papers and product data sheets ("Materials"); and (c) forums, discussion groups, chat areas, bulletin boards, blogs, wikis, e-mail functions, and other services in connection with which you can upload, download, share, email, post, publish, transmit or otherwise access or make available Content (as defined below) ("Community Services"). Software, Materials, Community Services, and other information, content and services are collectively referred to as "Content." The following are terms of a legal agreement between you ("You" or "Your") and Oracle Corporation and its affiliated companies ("We" or "Oracle"). By accessing or using the Site or the Content provided on or through the Site, you agree to follow and be bound by the following terms and conditions concerning your access to and use of the Site and the Content provided on or through the Site ("Terms of Use") and our Privacy Policy. Oracle may revise the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you. The revised Terms of Use and Privacy Policy will be effective when posted. You can review the most current Terms of Use at http://www.oracle.com/us/legal/terms/index.html and Privacy Policy at http://www.oracle.com/us/legal/privacy/overview/index.html.
1. Terms Applicable to Specific Content and Areas of the Site Some areas of the Site or Content provided on or through the Site may have additional rules, guidelines, license agreements, user agreements or other terms and conditions that apply to your access or use of that area of the Site or Content (including terms and conditions applicable to a corporation or other organization and its users). If there is a conflict or inconsistency between these Terms of Use and the rules, guidelines, license agreement, user agreement or other terms and conditions for a specific area of the Site or for specific Content, the latter shall have precedence with respect to your access and use of that area of the Site or Content.
