From today's featured article Æthelberht was King of Kent from about 589 until his death on 24 February 616. Bede lists him in the Ecclesiastical History of the English People as the third king to hold imperium over other Anglo-Saxon kingdoms, and he is called a bretwalda or "Britain-ruler" in the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle. Æthelberht's law, the earliest written code in any Germanic language, instituted a complex system of fines. Coins may have begun to circulate in Kent during his reign for the first time since the Anglo-Saxon settlement of Britain. His marriage to Bertha, the Christian daughter of Charibert, king of the Franks, built an alliance with the most powerful Western European state. Æthelberht became the first English king to convert to Christianity, shortly after the arrival of Pope Gregory I's missionary Augustine in 597. Churches were established, and wider-scale conversion to the religion began in the kingdom. Æthelberht provided the new church with land in Canterbury, thus establishing one of the foundation stones of what ultimately became the Anglican church. He later came to be regarded as a saint; his feast day is 25 February. (Full article...) Recently featured: Early life and military career of John McCain Banksia aemula Anarky Archive By email More featured articles... Did you know... Norwich War Memorial ... that Norwich War Memorial (pictured), first unveiled in 1927, was relocated in 1938, and then rotated in 2011? ... that at 81, horse trainer Bud Dunn became the oldest rider ever to win the Tennessee Walking Horse World Grand Championship? ... that the wildlife of Egypt no longer includes the elephants, rhinoceroses and gerenuk depicted in rock art at the village of Silwa Bahari? ... that Marianne Means was the first woman reporter to be assigned full-time coverage of the White House? ... that Ferdinand's threat to Genoa during World War II allowed a Dragoon to achieve tactical surprise? ... that Norma Cox Astwood, a clinical psychologist, became Vice President of the Senate of Bermuda? ... that Mariah Carey recorded a cover version of the Brenda K. Starr song "I Still Believe" as a thank you for helping her get into the music industry? ... that Tibs the Great vanquished all his foes during his 14-year reign? Recently improved articles Start a new article Nominate an articleIn the news Denny Hamlin Tara Air Flight 193 crashes in Nepal, killing all twenty-three people on board. In motorsport, Denny Hamlin (pictured) wins the Daytona 500 by 0.01 seconds, the narrowest margin in the race's history. Cyclone Winston, the strongest tropical cyclone on record to strike Fiji, kills at least forty-two people. Yoweri Museveni claims a fifth term as President of Uganda, in an election some international observers have criticised as flawed. A bombing in Ankara, Turkey, kills at least twenty-eight people and injures more than sixty others. Ongoing events: Zika virus outbreak European migrant crisis Recent deaths: Douglas Slocombe Umberto Eco Harper Lee On this day... February 24: Independence Day in Estonia (1918); Flag Day in Mexico; National Artist Day in Thailand Swaminarayan Mandir 1525 – A Spanish-Imperial army defeated a French force in the Battle of Pavia, the decisive engagement of the Italian War of 1521–26. 1711 – George Frideric Handel's Rinaldo, the first Italian language opera written specifically for the London stage, premiered. 1822 – The first Swaminarayan temple, Swaminarayan Mandir (pictured) in present-day Ahmedabad, India, was inaugurated. 1946 – Colonel Juan Perón, founder of the political movement that became known as Peronism, was elected to his first term as President of Argentina. 2006 – Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo declared a state of emergency in an attempt to subdue a possible military coup. More anniversaries: February 23 February 24 February 25 Archive By email List of historical anniversaries Current date: February 24, 2016 (UTC) Reload this pageToday's featured picture Howard Thurston (1869–1936) was a stage magician from Columbus, Ohio. After an unhappy childhood, he ran away to join the circus, where his future partner Harry Kellar also performed. Thurston was deeply impressed after he attended magician Alexander Herrmann's magic show and was determined to equal his work. He eventually became the most famous magician of his time, with a show so large that eight train cars were required to transport it. Lithograph: Strobridge Litho. Co.; restoration: Adam Cuerden Recently featured: Aries Darwinius New Jersey pound Archive More featured pictures...